What?! Only I'm staying
behind?!
(PLAYFULLY OUTRAGED)
You know... we can't go into
the Hidden Stone Village...
with it tagging along with us.
That would only attract unwanted
attention.
So we need someone
to stay here and watch over it.
And besides, this place is a
good base of operations.
If anything goes wrong, we can
just meet up back here.
(GRUNTING)
I'm sorry. I know how you must
feel, Inojin.
Yeah, I know. I understand.
I mean, it isn't like we can
all...
just storm into the Hidden Stone
together.
We can't risk everyone being
captured, right?
If anything makes you think the
worst has happened to us...
Take that guy and
return to Hidden Leaf.
I got it.
You be careful, okay?
Mhm.
[BORUTO] So that's the Hidden
Stone, huh?
And the village is all the way
a the top?
I can't believe we're finally
here!
Back when we left the Leaf, I
never imagined that we would...
all end up going to another
village...
Hold on... who're we looking
for, again?
I told you! He's an old man
named Ohnoki.
When we saw him in the Leaf...
he told us to come visit him
anytime.
As the former Tsuchikage...
he just might know something
about the people...
that Mitsuki's joined up with.
Yeah! I'm sure the Old Man'll be
able to help us out!
Come on! Let's get going!
♪♪ [JAPANESE THEME MUSIC]
[SAI] I'll go ahead and send
some of my people...
over to the Hidden Stone.
We need to find out just
what's going on over there.
It's a risky move, though.
If people were to find out, then
it could start a war.
But since we can't contact
Kurotsuchi...
we don't have much of a choice.
And what if word comes back...
...that Mitsuki truly has
joined the enemy?
[SHIKAMARU] We've lost contact
with every team...
we've sent after Mitsuki.
[SHIKAMARU] As far as the Hidden
Leaf is concerned...
he might have turned against us.
And if that, in fact, is the
case, then...
...we cannot let it go
unpunished.
Konohamaru?
Sorry, it's not a good time!
We're discussing important bus-
Give it to me. I want the
mission.
(CONSIDERING)
It seems you were eavesdropping.
All of this has to do with my
team.
As a shinobi...
I'll do whatever it takes to get
a subordinate in line.
Konohamaru...
I know how you must feel, but
still, I can't let you handle-
[NARUTO] This mission...
...is one where no one can know
that you're a shinobi
from the Hidden Leaf.
And if this mission were to
fail...
the peace in the village
could be disrupted.
So now that you know all that,
do you still wanna go?
Absolutely!
I understand.
(GASP)
Well okay, then... I'm
gonna leave it up to you.
Yes, sir! Thank you very much!
I'll start heading to the Hidden
Stone immediately!
(WIND BLOWING)
♪♪ (INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
There doesn't seem to
be any extra security...
You're right. And they appear
to be doing pretty well...
even though their land seems
barren.
We should be able to get in
pretty easily, right?
No way. I mean, it's not as
though they're just gonna let
total strangers in, you know
what I mean?
Then what are we gonna do?
(NOTICES)
[BORUTO] What're those?
I'd say... that most likely...
those are the sewer and water
mains for the village.
Which means... they connect to
the village above.
(HAULING SELF UP) Why does this
have to be so hard?!
(HAPPY GASP)
We're looking good!
(CHUCKLE) (STOMACH GROWLS)
I guess I'd better go out to
look for some food...
Oh, that's right...
I wonder if I'm supposed to be
feeding the Akuta, as well...
Hey, hold on!
The Akuta...!
Where'd it go?!
(CURIOUS POKING)
(SIGH) There you are! Don't
scare me like that!
What are you doing here?
(POINTING)
(MILD SHOCK)
(QUESTIONING)
You won't be able to play with
that guy anymore.
(CONFUSED)
Okay, all done.
All right, then...
(CURIOUS)
Hm? Oh, that's what we call a
"grave."
It's a place where we
can leave it to rest in peace.
C'mon, let's go back, Akuta.
(SAD)
(TOWN CHATTERING)
Hey, there! Come check out our
goods!
Lots of new arrivals and
limited edition gear!
We're in! And easier than
expected.
It seems the security
that they have here...
isn't as tight as what
we have back in the Hidden Leaf.
At least we know one thing for
sure now...
Oh, yeah? What's that?
That guy we met, the one who
calls himself Kokuyou...
is no ordinary shinobi.
What do you mean by that?
Well, just think about it.
He took down a lot of shinobi
from the Leaf Village.
But despite that... everything
here looks completely normal.
And that could only
mean one thing...
They were on a top-secret
mission.
Or maybe...
(CURIOUS)
...they're an
illicit organization
with no real connection to the
Hidden Stone Village.
So what do we do, then?
Listen, could you at least try
thinking on your own for once?!
Doesn't matter...
Right now, our only lead is
Old Man Ohnoki.
But we don't even have any idea
of where he might live.
So how are we gonna find him?
Regardless...
we just need to get whatever
information we can.
Oh!
W- What? What's wrong?
Did you come up with an awesome
plan?
(STOMACH GROWLS) No,
I'm completely starving!
(STOMACH GROWLS)
(SURPRISED)
Listen, this is...
I can't help it! Do you know how
many days it's been...
since I've had a decent meal?
(UNCOMFORTABLE LAUGH)
[VILLAGER] Was that her stomach
growling?
[VILLAGER] (lLAUGHTER) Who are
those kids?
Uh, oh...
This is not good!
[CHO-CHO] But it won't stop!
We gotta get out of here!
Hey, stop! What'll we do if
people get suspicious?!
Like I said before, I can't help
it!
Believe me, I'd stop it if
I could!
We should've left Cho-Cho
behind, too.
(UNCOMFORTABLE CHUCKLE)
Okay, okay...
(CURIOUS)
So a bunch of kids, huh...
H- hey, this is the place,
isn't it?
Huh? Oh! Yeah, this is it! The
place we were looking for!
Hey, Cho-Cho, look! We're here.
There's food!
Huh...? Food?
Excuse me, sir. Could we get a
table for four, please?
(CONSIDERING)
(UNCOMFORTABLE CHUCKLE)
(CONFUSED)
Need food! (STOMACH GROWLS)
Uh, she's just been so eager to
finally come and eat here...
...that she's been acting like
this the whole way over!
Well, c'mon in.
(RELIEVED SIGH)
Hey, look! That's Old Man Ohnoki
right there, isn't it?
You're right.
What'll you have?
Let's see here... I think
I'll have the Rocky hamburger...
...and the Rocky fried rice and
the Rocky ramen, too!
Hey...
How come all of the dishes here
start with the word "Rocky?"
You know, I get the feeling...
you kids aren't from around
here, are you?
We heard how wonderful
the food is here....
so we came from afar to find
out!
Oh, yeah?
That's right! This place is
well known back in our village.
So we made a special trip to
come here, ya know!
This place is really that well
known, huh?
[ALL] Of course!
Well then, I'd better do my
best to make you guys happy!
(RELIEVED SIGH)
Wow, that was delicious!
Okay, now what'll it be for
dessert!
You're seriously gonna eat
more?!
All right, we've mostly had our
fill...
so now how do we go about
finding this Ohnoki guy?
Well, he's the former
Tsuchikage...
so maybe we should
try the Tsuchikage's office?
It's risky. One mistake And we
could end up like this.
Oh, man. We really don't know
where Old Man Ohnoki could be?
Here you go. One Rocky ice
cream.
Huh? But we didn't order that!
She liked the food so much
that, well...
...I just thought... have
some on the house!
Wow, thanks! You're just the
best, gramps!
I hope it's okay to ask, but...
You kids know about Lord Ohnoki?
Huh? Well, yeah! Of course we
do!
Ohnoki the Fence-Sitter is a
famous hero in the shinobi world
from the Fourth Great Ninja War!
Yeah, that's right!
I'm impressed that a young'n
knows so much about him!
Most kids these days don't have
any idea...
about Lord Ohnoki and
how great he is!
But I... I have the utmost
respect for Lord Ohnoki...
who despite his age...
...fought so hard to protect
all of us...
during the Fourth Great Ninja
War.
Can't believe that old man did
that...
We owe Lord Ohnoki for the peace
we are currently enjoying.
I think these young'ns
today...
...oughta be more grateful
to him
for all that he's done for us!
He sounds just as incredible as
we imagined.
Oh, ho! So you get it, too?!
All right, then! For that, you
get to have another
Rocky ice cream on the house!
Oh, yeah! That reminds me!
No one's seen Lord Ohnoki around
much recently.
I wonder where he could be.
[OLD MAN] Hm?
If I'm not mistaken, ever since
he retired...
...he hardly ever leaves his
home.
'Cause an old ailment of
his got worse.
(CURIOUS)
Oh, really? Is that so?
And his house is somewhere down
on the south side...
isn't that right?
What are you talking about?!
I can tell ya right where he
lives.
Now we know exactly where to
find him!
Yeah, so let's head over there
right away!
You can thank me
anytime you want!
What? Thank you?
Yeah! It's all thanks to my
stomach...
that we figured out where we can
find him!
Huh?! Seriously!? All
you did was eat some food!
[CHO-CHO] You were eating too,
you know, Boruto!
(CURIOUS)
[INOJIN] Hey, Akuta!
(NOTICING)
Come on... How many times do I
have to tell you to stay inside?
(DISAPPOINTED)
(CONSIDERING)
You don't really seem to like
being called by the name
the enemy gave you.
Okay, then... I'll come up with
a name for you...
but you gotta do as I tell you.
(CONFUSED)
AKKUN
Okay, I think that's good
enough.
So which one do you like?
Your fate is entirely in your
own hands right now.
(LEAPING)
[INOJIN] Dorobozu?
(RECONSIDERING)
Hedorokamen?
(HESITANT)
No?
Iwatchi!
Akkun?
(EXCITED)
Huh? That's the one you like?
Akkyoon!
(LAUGHTER)
Well, then...
since you decided and picked all
on your own...
from here on out, you'll be
"Akkun."
Akkun! (HAPPY)
[INOJIN] He sure is a strange
one, though...
I thought he was an
enemy...
'cause of how he came at us,
but...
(HAPPY)
(STARTLED) Hey! Don't step on
me! C'mon!
So this is where the old man
lives...
Stop there!
(SHOCKED)
(WORRIED)
Not good, not good!
Ah ha! You must be Boruto,
right?
It's just as the Hokage relayed
to us, eh?
Huh?! What?! I don't get it.
What are you talking about?
The Hokage called us to let us
know...
that you guys might be
coming here...
...to the Land of Earth.
(GASP)
Soon after... Kurotsuchi just
vanished into thin air.
The Tsuchikage did?!
But, wait... Wouldn't the
Tsuchikage's disappearance...
...have caused chaos and panic
throughout the village?
The cover story is that she's
gone away on a recon mission.
Although...
Kurotsuchi has never gone away
without telling me first...
... and I doubt she did this
time, either.
I was walking through the
streets
trying to figure out what to
do...
...when I heard something.
(REALIZING)
(PROUD CHUCKLE)
(CHUCKLE) I was caught
completely by surprise...
...when I discovered that you
were already here...
inside the village!
We're sorry... we should've
asked permission first.
It's fine. Thanks to you, I
have some useful intel.
Kokuyou and Sekiei... I'm
absolutely certain of it.
Those two have something to
do with what's going on here.
Akatsuchi... I came all the way
to the Stone...
...because I thought that Old
Man Ohnoki could help us out.
And as we speak,
my friend could be in seriously
big trouble.
So, please! Will you take us to
see Old Man Ohnoki?
Boruto...
[AKATSUCHI] You're right,
Boruto.
(SURPRISED)
I, too, think it would be
best...
...if we were to go and seek
out...
Lord Ohnoki's help in this
matter.
And besides, I think that he'd
be overjoyed...
...to see someone that he's
invited has come to visit him.
Akatsuchi!
(HAPPY)
Is Lord Ohnoki here right now?
Sorry. But I'm afraid that
he's not.
I think that he might be down in
the old part of town.
The old part of town?
It isn't very far from here.
I can take you guys there right
now.
[AKATSUCHI] Lord Ohnoki!
Akatsuchi?
I thought that I might find you
here.
What's up?
Did you come to check on me to
see if I'm all right?
Well, yes, that, too, but... I
brought some guests.
(SHOCKED) Wait, it's- it's you!
Hey, Old Man!
B- But what are you doing here
in the Stone?
We came here to ask you for your
help.
My help?
We're out of our depth by
ourselves, so we need you.
And besides, I do remember you
saying we could come any time.
Oh, yes. I did say that. I
can't deny it.
I suppose that I...
just never thought you'd
actually come such a long way.
I know! And we had a super
hard time getting here, too!
Yes, I bet you did!
But just as I'd expect of
Naruto's son...
you nonetheless made it all the
way here!
(PROUD CHUCKLE)
And Sarada's here, too! It's
great to see you once again!
Yes!
(PLEASED CHUCKLE)
You must all be tired.
You're welcome to come stay at
my residence and rest.
Akatsuchi, treat them as my
important guests.
Sorry, but we don't have
time to relax, Old Man.
Hm?
Do you remember Mitsuki?
He left the Leaf Village...
and joined up with some
Stone shinobi.
(CONCERNED)
And we've all come here to bring
him back to the Leaf.
Mitsuki is somewhere in the Land
of Earth.
That's why we came to see you
and ask for your help, Old Man.
(TAKEN BACK)
I don't think I'll be able
to help you...
with any of that. Sorry, but I
just can't.
What? You gotta be kidding me!
Look, anything you can tell us
will help out!
Akatsuchi, I'll be fine here
all by myself for a while.
Please see these young people
back to the Leaf, personally.
But what made you change your
mind?
You just said they were
important guests!
Yeah, that's right! What's
going on?!
Yes, I'd like to know that, too!
Something strange has
definitely been happening here
...in the village!
Please, sir! I'd really like you
to help Boruto!
No, I won't. All of them need
to go back home to the Leaf!
Why, Old Man! Tell me!
Why won't you tell me anything?!
What the?!
(MENACING GROWL)
Is that-?! (GASP)
Akuta?!
(GROWLS)
What are these guys doing here?!
Akatsuchi, they're really
dangerous!
Let's protect the Old Man!
You got it! (NOTICING) What-?!
(SHOCKED)
Who are you?
Hey, stop!
Lord Ohnoki, he's behind you!
(GASP)
Master... My dearest father...
[KU] The test subject is now
ready.
We're merely awaiting your
orders!
(SHOCKED)
(GASP)
Old Man Ohnoki...?!
It can't be...!
(CHUCKLE)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[BORUTO] What is going on, Old
Man?!
[OHNOKI] I'm doing this
for your sake.
I'm doing all of this for the
sake of peace.
[BORUTO] What does all this have
to do Mitsuki?
Why'd you take him away from us?
Just give him back!
[OHNOKI] I'm sorry, but doing
that isn't possible.
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Ohnoki's Justice"
[OHNOKI] You see... Mitsuki's
cooperation will be essential...
...if we're going to
make the plan work...